whoa-ho-ho-ho and Mary free Christmas
welcome back to the demon seed channel
here on YouTube network hey ya bunch of
Schmucks have I got news for you you're
not gonna believe this but TSL Tyler
over at TSL Tyler Studios who was the
grand prize winner in our 12 drones of
Christmas giveaway he never contacted me
I haven't heard a peep from him I've
left him messages i posted to his
YouTube page I've called him on his
phone I gave him seven days just to let
me know that he wanted it and he fell
through he didn't claim his prize so
here's what we're gonna do gang we are
going to give away that phantom 2 vision
plus one more time we're gonna do it
again and I've gone randomly through my
subscribers and i've added 14 people to
the prize wheel the prize wheel we're
gonna give it a spin you've now got a
one in 14 chance of taking home the
grand prize yessiree bob barr bear
Niko's steamboy Mario Ventura Jason
hulbert bobster 986
BTW cyber the skinny biker Susan Barnett
chris m andrew bright fred anderson
master decker airwolf gadget man 404
your destiny awaits you one of you is
going to take home the grand prize this
time to spin the wheel for the grand
prize moves going to take it home I need
some new shoes here we go what time two
times here we go come on baby here we go
and the winner is Master Decker you are
the winner of one DJI phantom 2 vision
plus or you can take home an iris plus
because I don't give a rat's ass Merry
Christmas going out to master Decker
congratulations you schmuck you are now
our grand prize winner of that three are
iris plus or the vision plus like i said
i don't give a rat's ass which one you
take home just pick one all right to the
rest of you losers I'm so sorry you
didn't win but you had one more shot at
taking home the grand prize now master
Decker you have to notify me within the
next week just like TSL Tyler who did
not contact me and lost the grand prize
oh my god I was wrecked over it but I
still haven't heard from him so you get
to take it home buddy alright guys if
you didn't win anything it's okay cuz
we've got a brand new promotion coming
starting in January every week I'm gonna
pick a new random subscriber and i'm
going to add them to the prize wheel
we're gonna do that for 14 weeks and
then on tax day we are going to give
away 14 prizes so you could still win
something so stay subscribed stay tuned
to the demon seed channel because we're
going to be given away all kinds of
great drone prizes once again and one
terrific drone to one lucky random
subscriber so stay tuned to demon seed
right here on the YouTube network you
guys have a great Christmas and kiss the
babies for me demon see out
you